[intriguing. electronic music playing]
NOTES FROM THE LAST ROW
[marker sliding on paper]
[sighs]
-Lee Min-yeong.
-[girl 1] Here.
Jang Han-seul.
Jang Han-seul?
[student coughs]
-Heo Do-jun.
-[boy 1] Here.
[sighs]
I finished marking the assignments
you submitted last week.
They're right over there.
You can come and get them after class.
[girl 1] Yes. Professor.
[indistinct chatter]
[girl 2] Did you take notes?
-Is it okay if I look at them?
-[girl 3] Sure. I'll send them to you.
[girl 2] Hey. did you understand
what he was talking about today? I've…
[indistinct chatter]
[girl 4] Professor.
Professor!
Um. what's…
I mean. "trash"?
Are you calling my paper trash?
Don't you know?
I'm an influencer.
Do you have any idea what that is?
It means I have over 30.000 subscribers
on my blog alone.
Do you know how many likes
I get every day?
Really?
That's fascinating.
What's it called? "The Trash Can"?
Although. if it's full
of writing like this.
I think you should call it
"The Dump." instead.
Ah… 12 paragraphs.
167 sentences.
Maybe you think this is a piece of writing
because you filled some pages with words.
Unfortunately. none of the sentences
in here mean anything at all.
That's because nothing in here
is personal and heartfelt.
The whole thing's a series
of cheap clichés and sentimentality.
not to mention what you copied
from other people's work.
What term should I use
for this stream of words
you've vomited out
without even understanding it yourself?
So if you think there's a better word
for this than "trash." tell me.
I'd be happy to use that word instead.
[dissonant. tense music playing]
[paper rustles brusquely]
-[huffs]
-Can I go now?
[rhythmic acoustic music playing]
[boy 2] That crazy bastard. Ignore him.
[girl 5] Want me to kill him for you?
Ugh! He's the worst.
[boy 2] If this weren't a required course…
[girl 5 scoffs]
[boy 2] …I'd drop it.
[boy 3] I heard Heo Mun-oh does that
because he can't write.
[girl 5] Huh?
[boy 3] Some seniors told me all about it.
He's only ever written one novel.
and that was. like. 20 years ago.
And ever since. he hasn't been able
to write anything else.
He wants to. but he can't.
no matter how hard he fucking tries.
So he takes all his frustration
and self-loathing out on his students.
What a loser.
RESEARCH IN PROGRESS
DO NOT DISTURB
Oh. Mun-oh. there you are.
[chuckles] Your door was open. so…
[music fades]
Hello again. Mr. Park. Back so soon?
Oh. yeah. I guess so.
Well. I missed you. Mun-oh.
Hey. not again. I told you
I'd rather we keep it professional.
Yes. Mr. Heo.
[chuckles]
Ah. that just sounds so formal.
So you got home all right yesterday?
-[Mun-oh] Coffee?
-Oh. no. thanks. I just had one.
Hey. what's this? Oh. my goodness!
You're so stubborn. Mun-oh.
You're still taking attendance
on paper. huh?
-[Mun-oh sighs]
-Look. I'll install the program for you.
-It's way more convenient.
-Oh. no. thank you.
I like my way just fine.
So what brings you here?
You wouldn't come
from the College of Engineering
without a reason.
Oh. uh… [chuckles]
I actually wanted
to bring this up yesterday but forgot.
-[Mun-oh] Mm-hmm.
-Listen. Mun-oh.
I understand you know
Kim Su-hun. the author.
Who? Uh. Kim Su-hun?
Yeah. yeah.
You went to university together.
Man. I had no idea
you were so well-connected. Mun-oh.
I wish I'd known it earlier.
I would have asked for your help
getting him here years ago.
What do you mean?
Uh… I think I told you about this.
Um…
I organize monthly cultural events
for the College of Engineering. Hmm?
Our students don't get out much.
so I volunteered to--
Just get to the point.
Ah. yes! To the point. [chuckles]
The point is. we hope that
Kim Su-hun will be our guest next month.
Uh. to give a lecture on his new novel.
followed by a conversation.
And I hope you will host
that conversation.
[Mun-oh sighs softly]
[Mr. Park] Hmm?
-Host the conversation?
-Yes.
It was Mr. Kim who first suggested it.
Kim Su-hun suggested it?
-Yeah.
-And what did he say?
Well. he said he thought
it would be more comfortable and fun
if a friend hosted it.
He said he'd come if you did it.
[sighs softly]
[brooding string music playing]
Kim Su-hun said that?
[Mr. Park] Yeah.
-[music continues]
-[car horns honking]
[man 1] Careful. Mr. Gu. It's slippery.
-[man 2] Gonna write a good article?
-Oh. yeah. absolutely.
Just make sure you're ready
to print more copies of the book.
-[Mun-oh] Su-hun.
-[men chuckle]
Oh.
-[man 1] It's just up here.
-Oh. Mun-oh. Just a second.
-Uh. Mr. Gu?
-[Mr. Gu] Hmm?
[Su-hun] Please. go on ahead.
I'll be right there.
[man 2] Okay. sure.
[man 1] Don't take too long.
The real interview starts now. you know.
-[Su-hun] Right.
-[man 2] We'll be at the pork restaurant.
-See you there.
[distant police siren wailing]
I should have given you a call earlier.
I'm sorry about that.
Yeah.
Weren't we supposed
to have dinner together tonight?
Um. that's what I thought. anyway.
Yeah. for sure. That was the plan.
We need to talk. actually.
Then. this afternoon.
Mr. Gu came to see us unexpectedly.
You know who he is. right?
Yeah. sure. Of course. I do.
Who doesn't know Gu Yeong-ho?
I've never seen him in person
before. though. [chuckles]
Listen.
you wanted to talk?
What about?
If it's the favor I asked you.
did you decide?
Yeah.
Sorry. I can't write you a testimonial.
I feel like I've been writing
too many testimonials lately.
Oh. too… too many?
[somber music playing]
But you…
you did read it?
Of course. I did.
Let's talk later.
-Soon though. all right?
-Wait. Su-hun.
Tell me. What is it? What did you think?
Tell me now. please.
[sighs]
[wind howls]
[lighter clicks]
[music ends]
[grunts]
[object clatters]
[acoustic guitar strums softly]
I had trouble understanding
what the writer was attempting to say.
[inhales sharply]
Honestly. I thought.
why would you bother writing
without saying anything?
[guitar music continues]
There's nothing wrong with that. you know?
But most of all. you should
revisit how to write good sentences.
[music continues]
[Mun-oh] That's why
the first sentence is so important.
[music ends]
[sighs]
It's because once the author
writes the first sentence.
they've taken their first step
into the story.
For example. listen to this.
"How glad I am that I am gone."
"Dear friend. what a thing
is the human heart."
"To leave you.
whom I love so dearly. and yet feel glad."
Can anyone tell me
which novel that's from?
You don't know?
A classic among classics.
-Goethe's--
-[music plays on cell phone]
[music stops]
[student giggles]
Who was that?
Whose phone was that?
I'm sorry.
[students snickering softly]
[indistinct whispering]
[sighs] The first sentence
of The Sorrows of Young Werther by Goethe.
As I'm sure you all know.
it's written in the form of letters
that Werther sends to his friend Albert.
Do you think my class is a joke?
Do you think I'm a joke? Huh?
Stand up.
Right now.
You're not going to?
Then get out!
Go on. get outta here!
[boy 1] It's not Albert. It's Wilhelm.
[indistinct whispers]
What did you say?
[boy 1] Werther's friend is named Wilhelm.
Albert is the… fiancé of Lotte.
the woman Werther loves.
[chuckles softly]
Albert is Werther's rival.
The one he's jealous of but also idolizes.
[chuckles] Maybe
in the sense
that all of those things are a part of it…
[chuckles]
…you could say they're actually friends.
The object of his envy
is also his friend.
[students jeeringly] Ooh…
[scattered snickers]
[brooding music playing]
Professor… I think time's up now.
[Mun-oh sighs]
That's it for today.
[objects shuffling]
[boy 2] Hey. get up.
[brooding music continues]
FUNDAMENTALS OF WRITING
CONCEPTS AND PRACTICES
PROFESSOR HEO MUN-OH
ELECTRONICS ENGINEERING
LEE KANG
-Hey. thanks!
-[gentle piano music playing]
If it weren't for you. I'd be in trouble.
So how about I take you out for lunch?
Whatever you want.
Anything. Fried chicken. pizza…
[Kang] But if jealousy came
before affection.
could that really be called a friendship?
[piano music continues]
I first met Se-yun in the winter
before we started school.
It was… a coincidence.
Hey. what are you doing? Clear the table.
[tuts]
Hey. is this. uh…
[music fades]
Are you looking for this?
Hey. thank you. Thanks a lot.
It's okay! I found it!
[quirky. melodic music playing]
[no audible dialogue]
[students cheering]
[Se-yun] Okay. great. Thanks so much.
Thanks.
[Kang] Our meeting was a coincidence.
but becoming friends
wasn't.
It was my plan.
CODING CLUB
[Se-yun sighs]
[music fades]
[rummaging]
Oh.
You're in YDOC too?
I've got the same bag.
I'm Kim Se-yun. I just started
in Library Science. And you?
Hi. I'm Lee Kang.
-Electronic Engineering.
-Whoa!
You're in engineering
and taking this class?
Well. actually. it is a general course.
Hey. do you know how to code already?
'Cause I don't know anything yet.
I just joined because I like gaming.
[indistinct chatter]
-Coding isn't difficult.
-[door closes]
It's easy.
Really?
Wow! How do you do this?
Can you show me how?
Not right now.
I have to go to work soon.
Tomorrow? At my house?
[Kang] My plan was a success.
-Your house?
-Mm-hmm.
-I finally became friends with Se-yun.
-What's good for you?
Friends who could go
to each other's houses.
TO BE CONTINUED..
[chuckles softly]
[sighs deeply]
[soft. whimsical music playing]
[chuckles softly]
[music continues]
[paper rustling]
[Kang] Can you be nostalgic
over a place you've never been?
[music lifts]
Can you be filled with longing
for a person you've never met?
[music becomes uplifting]
It was my first time at Se-yun's house.
but it felt familiar.
It looked exactly like it did
in the photos.
Come on in. This way.
[music fades]
Mom.
-Ah. you're home.
-[Se-yun] This is my friend.
-He's from the coding club.
-[quirky. melodic music playing]
I told you he was coming over.
Oh yeah. That's right.
Hi. I'm Lee Kang.
It's nice to meet you.
[dreamy music playing]
No. it was different from the photos.
Everything was even more beautiful
than I'd expected. The house…
You're so good at this. Seriously.
…and the people.
-[Se-yun] Good job. huh?
-[mother chuckles] Yes. good job.
-Of course.
-[Se-yun chuckles]
-[dreamy music continues]
-[woman vocalizing]
[music intensifies]
[music peaks. then fades]
[woman] "To be continued."
Oh my. What is this? Who wrote it?
Just. you know…
What do you think?
Not sure.
So he wanted to be friends
with this other boy.
No. that's not it.
He acted like they were friends.
because he wanted
to go to his house. right?
Oh. I'm confused. What does he want?
Why would he write this?
Oh. for God's sake.
I wanted an expert opinion
from you. not this.
You're asking the same questions I did.
What do you think the psychology
of this is. if you were to guess?
[sighs] I can't tell just based on this.
But it doesn't seem like
it's anything too complex.
[smacks lips] He's envious.
He must have seen something
he desperately wanted
in that friend of his.
And since he can't do anything
about that feeling.
he's letting it out through writing.
While it's a little odd.
putting these feelings into writing
is a good thing.
Hmm.
I'm curious what happens next. though.
He's a very good writer.
I think… he's the best
writing student you've had.
[clicks tongue. inhales]
Yes. by far.
Well? Are you gonna mentor him.
do you think?
Don't be ridiculous.
All right.
Hey. by the way…
when was the last time you came in here?
Do you know?
Good night.
[footsteps depart]
[door opens. closes]
[chuckles softly]
[grunts]
[sighs deeply]
[sniffs]
[quirky instrumental music playing]
[woman] I'm curious
what happens next. though.
I think… he's the best
writing student you've had.
Well. are you gonna mentor him.
do you think?
[exhales pensively]
[quirky music continues]
[music builds]
[music peaks. then stops]
You asked me to stay behind?
Is there something
you wanted to… say to me?
You humiliated me
in front of the other students.
Did you get a kick out of that?
[chuckles] Oh.
[cell phone vibrates]
[rummages]
[sighs]
[inaudible]
[Kang sighs]
Is that Kim Se-yun?
Yeah.
Does he know what you're writing about?
Has he read it?
No.
You're the only one who reads them. right?
That's what you said the first class.
Have a seat.
[Kang grunts softly]
[sighs]
[smacks lips]
[sighs deeply]
Now.
What do you want to write about?
What are you trying to say?
I don't know.
You said to just write
whatever we felt like.
So that's what I did.
[sighs] No. no.
You understand what I'm asking you.
You don't have to pretend.
[inhales pensively]
Uh. you…
envy him. don't you?
You wish you could be him.
That's why you wrote this. isn't it?
[tense music playing]
You know what?
There's nothing about you
in Kim Se-yun's assignment.
It seems he doesn't care about you.
whether you envy him or not.
You're the only one who's suffering.
[Kang chuckles softly]
Do you know. Professor?
Have you felt it?
[tense music rises]
[music halts]
Oh.
So what you're saying is
that I should write about something else?
[chuckles] There's nothing else
I wanna write about.
No. no. write! Write about this.
I wanted to say
you should keep writing.
Even if it's hard. write through it.
It's so important to have something
you wanna write about.
You're talented.
If you want.
I'm willing to offer you
individual lessons once a week.
-Individual?
-Mm-hmm. That's right.
I wanna offer you extra lessons.
more of my time. What? Don't you get it?
No. I do. It's just…
I have to work as well.
I can't lose hours for extra lessons.
[exhales]
Okay. then.
What if I pay you enough to make up
for any lost hours you may miss?
[snorting chuckle]
[chuckles]
Why?
[chuckles softly]
Pay me for what?
[both laugh]
Christ. No. that's crazy.
[rhythmic jazzy music playing]
[breathes pensively]
[clears throat]
Lee Kang.
[sighs]
Now. I'm serious. Stop being silly.
and listen to me carefully.
-[music continues]
-[grunts]
[Mun-oh] You'll never be Kim Se-yun.
but you can write as much as you want
about your desire to become him.
If you can digest that feeling.
that's what writing is.
That's the power of literature.
I want to help you. so that what you write
doesn't end up just marks on a page.
but becomes a story.
Because… talent is a rare thing.
And I'd like to teach you.
ALL RIGHT. PROFESSOR
[Kang] All right. Professor.
I'll quit one of my part-time jobs.
[jazzy music continues]
ALL RIGHT. TEACHER
I'LL QUIT ONE OF MY PART-TIME JOBS
[jaunty music playing]
[contentedly] Hmm.
Hmm.
[Mun-oh rummaging]
[music fades]
-What is it?
-[chuckles]
I just find it funny.
Individual lessons?
I didn't think you'd actually do it.
Anyway. you look happier
than I've seen you in a while.
I thought you had an appointment.
I don't want you to be late.
Better get going. hmm?
I'm not sure I feel comfortable
about you doing the lessons here.
Why at home?
Why not at school or a coffee shop?
Because then people will see us.
I'd rather give it a few weeks first.
And when you see Park and Seong-hui.
please. you can't tell them either. okay?
-Say I had plans.
-Jeez. All right.
Why do you always wanna
keep everything such a secret?
See you later. Have a good lesson.
[Mun-oh] Mm-hmm.
[footsteps departing]
-[tuts]
-[door opens in distance]
[door closes]
[books slide gently]
[breathes deeply]
[doorbell ringing]
[door chimes]
Hey.
Come in.
[dog barking in distance]
[door chimes]
Through here.
What are you doing?
Why do you look so down?
You came here to study.
You haven't even said hello.
I said hi.
You didn't. Sit.
Actually…
[Kang sighs]
Something happened.
and I… was gonna call and tell you.
but I thought it would be better
to wait until I saw you.
Mm. okay. Go ahead.
[Kang sighs softly]
I won't be able to do these lessons.
-[Mun-oh huffs]
-So. um…
I went over to Se-yun's house yesterday.
and I… might not be able
to go back there again.
Which would mean I can't write anymore.
and. um. there'd be no point
in having these lessons.
[hesitates] Okay.
[splutters] Wha… what exactly happened?
Wha… what's wrong?
You know the computer coding club
Se-yun and I are in together?
Yeah.
Well. it's hosting a competition
in about two weeks.
It's essentially the first round
for the national level.
Uh…
Se-yun and I decided
to pair up and enter it.
So I went over to his house
to practice together. and then…
And then?
-Keep trying up to here.
-[Se-yun] Okay.
I gotta go take a piss. okay?
Sure. yeah.
[keyboard clacking]
Bracket…
[toilet flushing]
[light switch clacks]
[gentle piano music playing]
[birds chirping]
[Kang] I was only going to
use the bathroom.
but then I got curious.
[soft. dreamy music playing]
I know… I shouldn't have done it.
[melodic piano music playing]
[ethereal. lilting vocalizing]
[dreamy music playing]
-[sniffs softly]
-[footsteps approach]
[music stops]
[breathes hesitantly]
I'm sorry. [chuckles awkwardly]
I couldn't find the bathroom. so…
Oh. [chuckles]
Well. I thought that you were my Yun.
There's actually a bathroom upstairs.
And one by the front entrance for guests.
Thanks for letting me know.
I won't get lost again.
[chuckles softly]
[light. intriguing music playing]
Even though I was out of line.
Se-yun's mom was kind to me.
She didn't get mad or even seem upset.
She didn't say anything
during dinner either.
-[mother] It's hot.
-[Se-yun] Mm-hmm.
[music continues]
Are you coming? What are you doing?
Everybody's waiting for you.
[man] Yeah. be right there.
Mm… the new friend.
I'm Se-yun's dad.
Your name is Lee Kang. right?
-Hello.
-[father] Have a seat.
[chuckles]
I hear you're good with computers.
You know. you're almost all
he talks about these days.
[chuckles]
-Seems like that.
-[father chuckles]
He's had so many friends.
but he talks about you a lot.
Oh. come on. Mom. not that much.
But the only reason I'm in the competition
is 'cause Kang here is helping me out.
[father] Hmm.
He even impresses the seniors
with his skills.
-Ah. you're exaggerating.
-[Se-yun] Exaggerating?
Anyway. take good care of Se-yun.
He dreams of becoming a programmer now.
[chuckles] Had we known. we would've
sent him to engineering school. like you.
-[chuckles] Okay. let's eat.
-[Se-yun chuckles]
[father] Mm…
-Mm-hmm!
-We'll say grace first.
In the name of the Father. and of the Son.
and of the Holy Spirit. Amen.
Bless us. O Lord. and these Thy gifts.
which we are about to receive
from Thy bounty. through Christ our Lord…
[Kang] But by the time I left that night.
I found out how she really felt about me.
[mother] I don't know.
He seems a bit sneaky or something.
People have a certain vibe to them.
I felt it the first time I met him.
[tuts] I wish he'd stop coming over.
[father] Mm-hmm? What is it?
[soft. uneasy music playing]
What's got you all worked up now?
We shouldn't talk like this
about a friend of Se-yun's.
All we can do is watch over him.
[mother] Something happened today.
He was in our bedroom.
I just… [sighs]
I'm just saying.
I'd rather our Yun be friends
with someone… more cheerful and friendly.
[inhales sharply] Oh. jeez.
I thought he was fine.
He looks like a smart kid.
How about this?
We leave it alone
until after the competition.
Who knows? They might even win an award.
Winning an award at a competition
like that will be good for him
when he starts applying for jobs.
[mother] That's been on my mind too.
All right.
If it means he'll be better off.
let's wait and see what happens.
[father] Yeah.
-[uneasy music continues]
-[wine glasses clink]
[Kang exhales deeply]
[music ends]
[chuckles softly]
Well. what'd you do that for. huh?
I know I shouldn't have done it.
[sighs] All right.
So what this means is
you have to win in the competition.
or whatever you call it.
so they'll keep letting you go over there?
Hmm? Is that it?
Yeah. That's how it is.
So then. win it.
I'm getting the impression
you're good at it.
You have no idea. I'm better than Se-yun.
But there's no chance
I could win the competition.
[Mun-oh sighs deeply]
Okay. but still.
who says you have to go
into that house in order to write?
[Kang sighs]
Don't you understand?
What do I write about?
I don't have anything else.
You're right.
Yep. that's true. [sighs]
That's true.
[inhales deeply]
Oh. what do we do?
We need to come up… with a good idea.
There's one thing that might work. but…
Well. what is it?
[scoffs] Forget it.
I don't think you'd do it.
What are you talking about. huh?
What wouldn't I do? Tell me.
[exhales hesitantly]
The questions.
The questions?
What about them?
[scoffs softly]
You don't mean…
You wouldn't ask me…
to find out what…
the questions are gonna be. right?
I would never ask that.
but what else can we do?
Are you crazy?
Oh my God. You are.
You punk!
How dare you suggest that to your teacher?
Who do you think you are?
How could you ask me to cheat for you?
[gasping]
Hey. get out!
Get outta here!
I'm not giving you lessons anymore.
You know. you're a real piece of work.
Now. get out!
Then it can't be helped.
[inhales deeply]
Why don't we pretend
this whole thing never happened?
[footsteps departing]
What are you trying to do?
[scoffs incredulously]
-You're some kind of asshole? Huh?
-[door opens. closes]
-[door chimes]
-[glasses clatter]
[tense music playing]
Why didn't you hand in
your assignment this week?
I had nothing to write about.
[car window whirs]
Hey. Lee Kang!
[whimsical music playing]
Aren't you gonna hand anything in?
If you don't. you won't get a grade!
Hey.
Hey!
ELECTRONIC ENGINEERING
LEE KANG
[whimsical music continues]
GUEST LECTURE WITH AUTHOR KIM SU-HUN
AUTHOR OF EYES OF THE HOUSE
[handbrake clacks]
[music fades]
-[engine stops]
-[sighs]
[students chattering indistinctly]
[exhales]
[cell phone vibrates]
[vibrating continues]
Hello. Mr. Park.
[Mr. Park] Hey. Mun-oh. I mean… Mr. Heo.
[chuckles] Uh. where are you?
Oh. uh…
Mr. Kim is already here
and waiting for you.
You two should have a cup of coffee
and chat before the lecture.
Oh. really? Uh… he's waiting?
I'm on my way now. I just parked.
Ten minutes. I think I'll be there
in about ten minutes.
Tell him to. uh… have a cup of tea
and wait a little longer. okay? Yeah.
Sorry about that. Be right there. Yeah.
Sure. All right. Yeah.
[cell phone beeps]
[sighs]
[whimsical music playing]
Ah! It's been a while.
-It really has. hasn't it? Yeah.
-It sure has. Too many years.
Hey. when was the last time
we saw each other?
I can't remember anything these days.
Ah… Let's see. um… When was it?
Sorry. No. I'm not sure either.
-[chuckles]
-[Mr. Park chuckles]
This is great.
to see a reunion of old friends.
I've never seen Mr. Heo
with such a big smile on his face.
-Oh. is that right?
-[Mr. Park laughs]
Yeah. It's true. It feels great.
-[chuckling]
-You haven't changed a bit. [chuckles]
Through seven full-length novels
and four short story collections.
Mr. Kim… um…
you've plumbed the rich depths
of the human psyche.
But in your latest novel.
Eyes of the House.
you attempted something very different.
You decided to include
aspects of the mystery genre.
Yes. that's right.
I borrowed from mystery novels.
But while your standard mystery
focuses on solving the murder.
I was interested
in something a bit different.
I took all the scenes.
including those of the murder.
tore them into pieces.
and scrambled them up.
so no one could be sure
what the real sequence was.
What was important wasn't the revelation
of the mystery for the reader.
nor was it even
the conclusion of the case.
Instead. it was the fascinating ways
the characters relate to one another
that I focused on.
You got that. right?
Well. I got it.
-[audience laughs]
-[Mun-oh chuckles]
Yes. it's truly…
Well. it's remarkable.
That's the reason so many
have called this book "very exciting."
"truly unexpected." and "refreshing."
However… [sighs]
Yeah. Hmm.
However… hmm…
there are those…
mm… hmm… mm…
"There are those…"?
Mm. let's just say. um.
there are those who might say…
Uh. and I'm sorry… [chuckles]
…if it's uncomfortable for you to hear.
But we're all here
for free discussion. aren't we?
So I'll say it. Hmm?
With this book. Kim Su-hun is now
a writer who accommodates the masses.
Well. that is… [chuckles]
That's an example of the sort
of critical opinions that are out there.
[chuckles awkwardly]
To be clear.
it. it. it's not one I agree with.
The fact is. in advance of this interview.
I received a few questions
from students for you.
Mm. This was one of the questions.
Uh…
Mm. it's right here. Um…
All right. uh…
Let me see. [sighs]
Where is it?
Uh… Ah. here it is.
Ah. so this…
This is the one I was thinking of. Uh…
"Mr. Kim Su-hun. you've long established
a reputation in literary fiction.
and so I had great respect for you."
"I was a huge fan of yours."
"But I was very disappointed
to see you come out with a mystery novel."
"Is it because you don't have
any stories left of your own.
so all you could do
was accommodate the masses?"
That's a tough one. [chuckles]
"If you don't have anything left to say.
um. shouldn't you
face the truth
and quit writing altogether?"
More or less. [chuckles awkwardly]
First. which student asked this?
[audience murmuring indistinctly]
This isn't your question. is it. Mr. Heo?
What? Uh. no. No. it's…
[laughs] I'm just kidding.
Whoever you are. I want to thank you
for bringing up this point.
You sound like a fan of my work.
Not only that. but you seem to be
interested in me as well.
To answer your question. yes.
I am accommodating. That's right.
"Accommodate" actually has a few meanings.
"To ingratiate oneself for personal gain."
We typically think of
this use of the word. but it also means
"to make space for."
In that sense. accommodation is invaluable
in the world of literature.
What do we need right now
but authors who are willing
to make space with their work?
Always. what truly matters
is not "what." but "how."
A flexible and multifaceted perspective
is crucial.
If you insist on sticking
to the worldview you're familiar with.
your creativity will soon wither.
That is why I will continue
to tell new stories.
and experiment with new forms.
and strive to become better
at accommodating the masses.
[audience applauds]
[poignant piano music playing]
[applause fades]
[Mr. Park] Wow. The atmosphere
was so great today. wasn't it?
-They were amazed. They were…
-[men chuckle]
-It was really good.
-Mr. Kim.
-Thanks.
-Uh…
You know. of all the events
we've had so far.
today's had the highest attendance.
I've never seen the dean so excited.
-[chuckles]
-Oh!
It was all thanks to you.
but you made me look good.
[Su-hun] Oh no. it's not thanks to me.
It's thanks to you. Mr. Park.
And Mr. Heo too.
who hosted the conversation.
[chuckles]
But more than anything.
the students who paid
such close attention.
I got so excited
that I talked a bit too much.
Ah. well. thank you.
[woman 1] The students were
really into it today.
If only they acted like that
at my lectures.
-Yeah.
-[Mr. Park] You just have to do better.
Cheers to you. It's been an honor.
-[Su-hun] Cheers. Great to meet you.
-[Mr. Park] An honor.
-Cheers.
-[Su-hun] Thank you.
-[woman 1] You too.
-[Mun-oh] Hmm.
[Su-hun chuckles softly]
Hey there. Mr. Heo.
why have you been so quiet tonight?
Oh. no reason.
Just enjoying the company
and conversation.
Oh yeah. You two are friends. right?
Yes. from university.
-[group] Oh!
-[Mr. Park chuckles]
Is teaching enjoyable?
[chuckles]
-Enjoyable? Are you kidding?
-[group chuckles]
-[woman 1 knowingly] Mm!
-[man 1] Oh. Mr. Kim.
Your daughter's pen name
is Lee I-pil. right?
Didn't she make her debut
with Seventeen Green Wings last year?
-[woman 2] Wow! Really? Wait.
-[Su-hun] She did.
[woman 2] That's the writer
who won the Literary Debut Award.
-She's your daughter? Wow!
-[Mr. Park] Yeah. glad to hear about that.
Oh. jeez. huh?
There are no more secrets in this world.
Guess who thought of her pen name
so people wouldn't know who she is.
-That's great!
-Everyone knows now. I guess.
[man 1] It just means
talent runs in the family.
-Oh. you must be so proud. I envy you.
-[sighs deeply]
[woman 2] How did you manage
to raise such an amazing kid.
on top of everything else?
-You have it all. You do.
-[man 2] I envy you too.
My kid's still trying to figure out
what he wants to do with himself.
-[group laughing]
-[acoustic guitar music playing]
[grunts wearily]
[music continues]
-[music ends]
-Professor.
What are you…
[distant siren wailing]
You work here?
Yeah.
You're having dinner here. I guess?
[Mun-oh] Mm.
So what was that
you were busy writing there?
Oh.
This is just… [chuckles]
Well. I'm just curious.
You don't turn anything in. so…
Well.
the truth is. I…
[inhales deeply]
I was thinking of submitting something
to a contest. Literary Debut Award.
I heard their first prize money
is pretty big. so why not. right?
Wait. what? An award?
I thought about what you said.
That I have talent.
I just… haven't found
a story I want to write yet.
[gulps]
[grunts. sighs]
[relieved sigh]
[exhales deeply]
[sighs] Literary Debut Award.
[chuckles]
Little shit.
[gulps]
The audacity.
[sighs]
-[crowd applauding]
-[triumphant music playing]
LITERARY DEBUT AWARD
LEE KANG
Uh… Thank you.
Thank you very much.
[applause subsides]
Someone else actually deserves this award.
[music abates]
The one who told me. "You have talent."
The one who opened my eyes
to what was possible.
who taught me everything.
From what real writing is
to what it means to really live.
[rousing jazz playing]
Mr. Heo Mun-oh.
I'll always be grateful to you.
[crowd applauds]
[music builds]
[saxophone playing solo]
[music peaks]
[music subsides]
[rippling piano notes descending]
[distant car honks]
[music fades]
[breathing heavily]
[chuckles softly]
[smacks lips]
[sighs]
Look.
The Literary Debut Award contest
isn't some kind of game. you know.
You wouldn't stand a chance
with your current writing skills.
[tuts]
[sighs wearily]
[groans]
[inhales deeply]
[sighs. scoffs]
Listen.
[blows]
Hypothetically…
[scoffs] …if you got the questions
ahead of time for the coding competition…
[hesitates]
…would it make you…
start taking writing seriously?
Would you take individual lessons from me?
[sighs]
Tell me. Tell me. what do I need to do?
Come on. What's the plan?
[tuts]
[huffs]
[Mun-oh sighs softly]
Are you sure you're okay with this?
[suspenseful music playing]
It'll be easy.
You just need to do as I say.
[Mun-oh sighs] What exactly
do I need to do?
[Kang] First. go to
Professor Park's office.
[Mun-oh] Professor Park?
-From the College of Engineering?
-[Kang] Yes.
He's the head of the committee
for the coding competition.
[Mun-oh] Oh. that guy.
He's got a finger in every pie.
W… wait. Did you know that I know him?
[Kang] Of course I know that.
That's why this'll work.
What? I've seen you two talking.
-[boy] Enjoy your meal.
-Ah. yeah. Thank you.
-[woman] Here you go. Enjoy.
-Thank you very much.
[music continues]
-[boy] Hello. sir.
-[Mr. Park] Oh. Mm. [chuckles]
[spoon scrapes]
-[music ends]
-Mr. Park.
Oh. Mun-oh!
-[cutlery clatters]
-Come join me.
-Having a late lunch?
-Yeah. you too…
[Mun-oh] All right.
so I go to Mr. Park's office.
What do I do once I'm there?
[Kang] The competition is tomorrow.
so the questions will be
on Professor Park's computer.
All you need to do is copy them
onto a USB drive. Simple. right?
[Mun-oh] No. it's not simple!
How am I supposed
to get into his computer?
I don't know his password!
[Kang] I know. I thought of that.
Professor Park is going to
unlock it himself.
-[Mr. Park] Mm.
-Mr. Park.
[Mr. Park] Hmm?
I. um… would like to ask you a favor.
Wow. You're asking me to do you a favor?
[both chuckle]
-Sure. go ahead.
-Uh. I just thought. um…
I thought I'd make a little change
in my… my attendance system.
-Really?
-Yeah.
You were saying there was an easier way?
Wow. I have to say.
this is music to my ears.
Yeah. it's about time you changed it.
[chuckles] Hey. how's this?
I can come by your office
and install it for you.
No. not at my office. Uh…
I'd rather go to your office.
Um… because I wanted to see
how it works. just to be sure.
Uh-huh. Yeah?
I'm. uh… I don't really have time today.
But you can come by my office tomorrow.
-That works.
-Tomorrow?
It won't work.
Tomorrow's the contest. Do it today.
[tense music playing]
Uh… That's not. uh… [chuckles]
-Tomorrow's not good. I'm a bit busy.
-Mm-hmm?
Couldn't we today?
It won't take long. will it?
-Today? Right now?
-Sure. Just a few minutes.
Okay. well.
I have a little time right now.
-I'll just finish up.
-Great. Okay. Let's get going.
[Mr. Park] Hmm?
-Let's strike while the iron's hot.
-Now now?
Oh yeah. just for a bit.
Anyway. the food is… terrible.
-But I barely ate anything.
-Oh. terrible. really.
-I'll owe you one.
-[muffled] But… um…
-Let's go.
-But what about the…
-Don't worry. Hey. Kim.
-Yes?
-Would you mind clearing this? Thanks.
-Sure.
-Sorry to ask. Thanks.
-Have a good one.
I went on for about 30 minutes.
But when the show came out.
I was only on it for a minute or two.
[chuckles]
And that's after they showed up
at my office and begged me to do it.
-[chuckles] Jeez! Ah…
-[uneasy music playing]
Once you get used to it. it's much easier.
-Hi. Professor.
-Hey. Mi-jin. [chuckles]
[Mun-oh] No. No. no. no. I can't do it.
[breathes anxiously] I don't think
I can do this. How could I?
I'm a teacher. a professor.
[Kang] It's too late to say that now.
[Mr. Park] Hmm?
Hey. Mun-oh. are you okay?
[grunts]
Uh. well. Mr. Park. uh…
Sorry. I… I need…
I need to use the bathroom.
[chuckles] All right. sure.
-Right down there.
-Okay.
-I'll go ahead.
-Won't be long.
All good. [chuckles]
[plucky. driving jazz music playing]
[Kang] There's no need to feel guilty.
I'm not gonna do the finals anyway.
so this won't hurt anybody.
[exhales deeply]
[uneasy music playing]
Hit this.
-[jazz music continues]
-Here. I'll log into my account.
PARK HYEONG-JONG
Once you're logged in… the attendance…
[Kang] The only problem is how we get
Professor Park out of his office.
-I'm not sure how--
-[Mun-oh] Don't worry.
-Get your TAs to do this.
-[Mun-oh] I've come up with a plan.
-They won't like it.
-[Kang] What? You have? What is it?
…end of the semester. the attendance is
automatically included in the final grade.
-[Mun-oh groans]
-[music abates]
-What is it?
-[groans] My chest.
-Hmm?
-Oh no! Oh no! It's coming!
W… w… what's going on?
-Huh?
-Oh no. no. no. no. no!
-[Mr. Park] What--
-[groans]
Are you okay? Should I call 911?
No. no. no. no.
No. don't call an ambulance.
-I think. uh--
-[pants] Just a minute.
-[grunts. groans]
-Wait. what?
Ah! In the car. I have medication. Please.
Okay. what is it? What's it for?
Oh. it's for my angina.
-Angina… [groans]
-What's that? You have angina? Really?
Okay! It's okay! Wait here a minute!
-Oh. I'm sorry. Mr. Park.
-Wait! Just wait here!
-Mr. Park. I'm sorry.
-Okay. I'll be right back!
-[girls] Hello. Professor.
-Hey. Yeah. yeah.
[panting]
-[electronic dance music playing]
-[sighs]
[mouse clicks]
Where are you?
-[Kang] What's the medication for?
-[Mun-oh] You don't need to know. kid.
-Hemorrhoids.
-[music halts]
[panting]
[music resumes] ♪ I'm gone. I'm shaking ♪
[huffs] Oh. sh…
Forget it.
♪ You know you make me lose control ♪
[Kang] But… the parking lot is too close.
It'll take him. like. five minutes.
-Hello!
-[Mun-oh] Five minutes is plenty.
Just tell me the file name.
[Kang] Actually. I don't know
what the file name is.
[Mun-oh] You don't? God dammit!
[Hyeong-jong panting]
-♪ L-O-S-I-N-G I-T ♪
-♪ I know I'm losing it ♪
♪ L-O-S-I-N-G I-T ♪
♪ You have dolls made in my image ♪
♪ Like I'm under a spell
If not. I can't tell ♪
♪ Actin' out of my limits. uh!
Over the edge. burning the bridges… ♪
[Mun-oh] You really are gonna
give me a heart attack.
-[music continues]
-[panting breathlessly]
[grunts]
Damn it. Where is it?
[panting]
Let's see.
Oh!
♪ Taking me out on the town
Whatever… ♪
[strains]
[car beeps]
-[pill box clatters]
-[whimpers]
-[mutters inaudibly]
-[music abates]
[breathing anxiously]
♪ I'm gone. I'm shaking… ♪
Ah! That's it!
YEONSEO UNIVERSITY
PROGRAMMING COMPETITION
ANSWERS
COMPETITION PROBLEMS
Oh. hey.
-[boy] Hello. sir.
-[Hyeong-jong] Hi.
[huffs wearily] Man!
♪ You make me lose control ♪
-♪ L-O-S-I-N-G I-T ♪
-♪ Oh yeah. you got me losing it ♪
-♪ Uh-huh ♪
-♪ No confusing it ♪
-[computer trills]
-♪ L-O-S-I-N-G I-T ♪
-♪ I know I'm losing it ♪
♪ L-O-S-I-N-G I-T ♪
[music abates]
[tense. dramatic music playing]
[Mun-oh] Got it.
It's done.
[sighs]
[groans]
[panting wearily]
Oh jeez.
[continues panting]
[Mun-oh grumbles] Why is it so slow?
[tense music continues]
[sighs] Fifty percent.
Hey. hey. hey!
Let's go. let's go. let's go!
[breathing anxiously]
Okay. okay. Hurry. hurry. hurry up.
Come on. Almost there.
Go. go. go!
[tense music builds]
[music swells]
Come on. come on. Let's go. let's…
-[music halts abruptly]
-[Hyeong-jong grunts and pants]
Huh?
Mun-oh. here. your medicine.
-Oh.
-Are you okay?
[Mun-oh grunts and inhales deeply]
-Oh gosh. Thank you. Mr. Park.
I'm okay. I feel better now. Thank you.
You see. it just… swoops in…
-Yeah?
-And swoops out again.
Oh.
-All right. Sorry for all this.
-Oh. it's. uh…
-[breathing heavily]
-Oh. Mr. Park. uh…
I've been thinking.
and I'll… keep the old way after all.
-What?
-Thanks anyway.
-Hmm. Are you sure you're okay?
-Oh yeah.
But how are you suddenly fine?
[groans]
[breathless] Oh…
That scared me.
[groans]
Oh man. I'm dying.
[girl 1] Hello. Professor.
Hi.
-[laid-back rock music playing]
-[panting]
-[girl 2] Hi. Professor Heo.
-[Mun-oh] Hello. hello. hello.
[rock music builds]
♪ Give me my moment. step aside ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪
-[girl 3] Oh. Professor. hello.
♪ 'Cause this moment's mine ♪
♪ All mine. yeah! ♪
♪ I'm gearing up ♪
[music obscures soundscape]
♪ Getting ready ♪
♪ Feel it coming ♪
♪ We're rocking steady ♪
♪ Anticipation ♪
-♪ Like a wave ♪
-[panting]
♪ Energy building ♪
♪ Got to crash the stage ♪
♪ Well. I want it all. and I ♪
[music lifts]
♪ I want them big bright lights
I want that center stage ♪
♪ All eyes on me
Ain't this why you came? ♪
♪ Oh. them big bright lights ♪
♪ Show up. show out ♪
♪ I'm 'bout to blow your mind. no doubt ♪
♪ I'm 'bout to own it ♪
♪ Give me my moment. step aside ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ 'Cause this moment's mine ♪
♪ All mine. yeah! ♪
-[whimpering breathlessly]
-[music continues]
[laughing]
[breathes deeply]
[giggling]
♪ I want them big bright lights
I want that center stage ♪
♪ All eyes on me
Ain't this why you came? ♪
-♪ Oh. them big bright lights ♪
-[groaning wearily]
-♪ Show up. show out ♪
-[panting]
♪ I'm 'bout to blow your mind. no doubt ♪
♪ I'm 'bout to own it ♪
-♪ Give me my moment. step aside ♪
-[exclaims triumphantly]
-[giddily] Woo-hoo-hoo!
-♪ Yeah ♪
[laughs]
♪ 'Cause this moment's mine ♪
[breathless] Mun-oh… Oh…
Mun-oh. you've gone crazy. Yep. crazy.
[breathing heavily]
[giggling elatedly]
Mun-oh… oh. what have you done?
[sighs]
[laughs heartily]
NOTES FROM THE LAST ROW
[music fades]
[stealthy music playing]
-[stealthy music ends]
-[laid-back acoustic combo playing]
[laid-back music continues]
[music ends]